# Refactoring project. Transitioning to multi-modularity.

One of the biggest issues we encountered was in release 2, when we had to refactor the entire project to make a multi-modular application. In release 1 we only had one pom-file that were running through the App class. According to the release 2 task-description - that had to change. So we had to incorporate multiple modules and additional pom files in order to be able to run rest, core, persitance and ui seperately. This was easier said than done.
We spent a few full work days, making this implementation work seemless. It was a huge challenge modifying the POM files to work across the application, because none of us had any prior experience with this. We believe it would have been much easier if we were informed of the requirement from the start. However we did learn that refactoring may require a lot of work, emphasizing that thoroughness and structure is key when initializing the project-structure.

# Configuring tests.

Working with Test classes was also a huge challenge that cost us a lot of time. We had to install a few different dependencies and make them work with eachother. For instance we used TestFX as a testing framwork and JaCoCo for measuring our test-coverage. After a lot of trial of error, delibaretely configuring older versions of the frameworks to make them compatible and fiddling with the dependecy formats, we got it working.
Antoher issue was that JaCoCo did not register UI coverage properly, which led us to run UI tests separately. At one point, the test suite took over 3.5 minutes to complete because of the large number of tests. We managed to optimize execution time significantly while maintaining good coverage by simplifying and restructuring the tests. All TestFX tests were grouped in a single file, while backend tests were organized in another. Since our prior experience with testing and TestFX was limited, there was a learning curve involved. The test process is now streamlined, and all tests can be executed efficiently with the command mvn clean test or mvn clean install.